[Keyboard] Add keyboard Zenith Z-150 (#9811)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/z150/readme.md

You can keep the original resistors, but with Black Pill or any other 3.3V controller the LEDs may seem a little dim. Try 150Ω or close value if you want to fix that.

## Black Pill
Suggested mount position for the Black Pill (view from the bottom side of the PCB):

```
      R0  R1  R2  R3  R4  R6          R9  LC  LN  LS
,--------------------------------------------------------------------,
|B12 B13 B14 B15  A8  A9 A10 A11 A12 A15  B3  B4  B5  B6  B7 3V3 GND |---,
|                                                                    |USB|
|B11 B10  B1  B0  A7  A6  A5  A4  A3  A2  A1  A0 RST C13  B9  B8 GND |---'
'--------------------------------------------------------------------'
  C0  C1  C2  C3  C4  C5  C6  C7  R5  R8  R7  RA    
```

1. Desolder all ICs, crystal oscillator, capacitors and resistors except R0–R2 (they connect LEDs to VCC).
1. Solder 12-pin header to the Black Pill (pins B11–A0 on the left side).
2. Solder two 3-pin headers for boot jumpers.
3. Solder 4-pin SWD header.
4. Burn [STM32duino bootloader](https://github.com/rogerclarkmelbourne/STM32duino-bootloader/blob/master/bootloader_only_binaries/generic_boot20_pb12.bin) to Black Pill.

> 5. Compile and flash the firmware: `.\dfu-util --alt 2 --download handwired_z150_default.bin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Compile and flash the firmware: `make handwired/z150:default:flash`
```
